# Chapter 1 - 1.1 Section Review

Name: Chester Austin
Date: January 29, 2019
Description: Written assignment for Chapter 1 - 1.1 Section Review
Directions:

```text
1.1.3 Section Review
Do 5 of the review exercises. 
This is a minimum number, you can do more.
```

## Question 1

***Q:*** How do `assemblers` and `linkers` work together?

***A:*** An `assembler` converts assembly code that would have been linked previously by a `linker` utility program.

## Question 2

***Q:*** How will studying assembly language enhance your understanding of operating systems?

***A:*** Assebmly languages will enable understanding of how application programs communicate with the operating system via interrupt hnadlers, system clls, and common memory areas.

## Question 3

***Q:*** What is meant by a `one-to-many relationship` when comparing a high-level language to machine language?

***A:*** A `one-to-many relationship`, in reference to a high-level language, means that a single statement can have multiple assembly language or machine language instructions.

## Question 4

***Q:*** Explain the concept of `portability` as it applies to programming languages.

***A:*** A `portable` language means that code written should compile and run on any computer, unless specific references to library functions does not exist under a single operating system.

## Question 5

***Q:*** Is the assembly language for `x86` processors the same as those for computer systems such as the `Vax` or `Motorola 68x00`?

***A:*** No, assembly languages written for `x86` processors would be different than other computer systems such as `Vax` or `Motorola 68x00` unless it is translated during execution by a program inside the processor known as a `microcode interpreter`.
