# Chapter 1 - 1.2 Section Review

Name: Chester Austin  
Date: February 2, 2019  
Description: Written assignment for Chapter 1 - 1.2 Section Review  
Directions:

```text
Do 5 of the review exercises. 
This is a minimum number, you can do more.
```

## Question 1

***Q:*** In your own words, describe the `virtual machine concept`.

***A:*** In the `virtual machine concept`, various portions of the environment are abstracted out to enable languages that contain powerful statements that would translate and execute multiple assembly statements.

## Question 2

***Q:*** Why don't programmers write application programs in machine language?

***A:*** Programmers do not write application programs in machine language because it is enormously detailed and consists purely of numbers.  As such, any code written will be prone to errors and hard to maintain.

## Question 3

***Q:*** (`True`/`False`): When an interpreted program written in language `L1` runs, each of its instructions is decoded and executed by a program written in language `L0`.

***A:*** `TRUE`

## Question 4

***Q:*** Explain the technique of translation when dealing with languages at different virtual machine levels.

***A:*** Translation enables a language to convert and assemble code to machine language via the compiler.

## Question 5

***Q:*** At which level does assembly language appear in the virtual machine example shown in this section?

***A:*** Assembly language appears on `Level 3` in the virtual machine example.
